the mayor of málaga and candidate for the reelection francisco de la torre
visited the malaga football club at the athletics stadium this morning
city ​​of málaga de la torre was accompanied by the councilor of tourism and
sports elías bendodo
by july andrade citizen participation councilor and by manuel
diaz councilman of foreign urbanism ex blanket
formal ondikol beyond if these trends from sr
this data the noble
bart a sheet of cinca and I was faithful with fruits fall 10 morrison lester of pesos
3 for now fincher tell me you know beck and sustained in continuous failures with
many more secrets are already
I already heard stereo ford out capable of its not all
the doodle be still
had in falcon we have more tricks of ciu maintained
Pavao and for your wishes
the jazz or
tumor phoenix send us your content cobos
by dennis closing the duel with his we wanted to
the minister in the last meters to legal procedure and unhappy quote
in batista with all the staff the affected
There are those who symbolize or I create enthusiasm of the fans of Malaga for
good results of moya and especially to encourage in the last effort what
we are
for the next matches
with his match on Sunday at night in Bilbao
where it is important to win
choose the best possible result
pd to guarantee our definitely stay not
let's paint congratulated too
Curupe the person
the vice president of the club
entered approached pelegrini home health museum
to the min course we wish the best of the successes
for these two encounters that are left
they all arrived once the training was over and they chatted with the
Vice President of Malaga given the
and with the members of the advisory board, José Carlos Perez and
francisco martín aguilar
of the tower also took advantage of the visit to discuss with the technician
Manuel Pellegrini and with the Blue and Whites goal scorers José Solomon Rondón
which was interested in his physical condition and the Brazilian July Baptist
the mayor of málaga francisco de la torre malagueño and malaguista cheer up
the template achieve permanence winning next Sunday in Bilbao